= WaveMusic


Overall status: <b>30%</b>

== About the project

<i>WaveMusic</i> is a school project for cloud music storage and streaming API, this application will allow users to sign up, store their music and listen it everywhere once the mobile clients are released. This API will be private but free to sign up and consume it as a developer. Until the project is under 70% of development you will not be able to use it, but after that feel free to use it to your own purposes or consume it after the first release.

=== Contributors


* Antonio Chávez https://github.com/TheNaox/
* Jorge Robles https://github.com/Flashdev20/

Follow me on twitter @thenaox

And fork my repositories

* Awesome bash config for Mac OS X and linux terminal https://github.com/TheNaox/gh-dotfiles
* Vim for Rails https://github.com/TheNaox/Vim-for-Rails

== Installation

  git clone https://github.com/WaveSystems/WaveMusic.git
  cp config/database.yml.sample config/database.yml # Add your postgres configuration
  bundle install
  rake db:migrate

And enjoy!

  Copyright (C) 2012  WaveSystems

  This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
  it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
  the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
  (at your option) any later version.

  This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
  but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
  MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
  GNU General Public License for more details.

  You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
  along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
